You are right
Ms. Liu Yingying Yuye, are you Ouyang Hong?
Sister-in-law said that the deposit period is very strict
I don't think that's the case
He's quite respectful of us
This may be a test for us oh yes yes
Well, we're ready
Why don't you start the interview?
No, congratulations.
You've already been accepted!
Got accepted.
But it seems we haven't even started the interview yet.
Yeah, that's not necessary.
You two are excellent
I seem to have a degree
That's right.
Is it okay for my sister-in-law to be pregnant?
It doesn't matter at all.
What our brother looked at during the village was ability
Regardless of background
Congratulations to you both
You've been accepted.
Sister-in-law, what's the situation?
That's a good thing.
Why do you still question people?
Hahaha, sorry, then we'll go first.
Oh, the interviewer.
I haven't asked what your name is yet.
Introduce yourself
My name is Hongyan